All right.
So I now have my terminal and my view up, side by side, up and running.
So the next thing I want to do is open our text editor, which is going to be a Visual Studio code.
So right here, I'm going to open up a new tab in Mac.
You can press command plus T to open up a new tab.
Basically, I just need a new terminal window.
And by default, my Mac will place me in the same folder that I was just in.
If you are on another operating system and it takes you to another folder, just go ahead and navigate
back to where you have job search on your computer.
And here we can execute code, followed by a space and a dot in order to open Visual Studio code in
the current directory.
So that's going to open up our job search project in this code.
I'm going to drag it over from my other screen and keep it on the left here.
And I'm going to remove this welcome pane.
So we're going to dive into all of these view files and everything that is usually I created for us
in just a moment.
But in this lesson, I want to show you the concept of hot reloading.
Hot reloading basically means we can make changes in our code editor and The View SEAL.
I will automatically recognize that we've made those changes.
It will interpret them and it will transpire them.
And then we'll refresh the Web page that you see on the right to reflect those changes.
So we don't have to restart our server.
We don't have to worry about telling view which files have changed.
It is smart enough to figure that out and make the development process easier for us by auto refreshing
for us, which is a feature called Hot Reloading.
So again, we're going to worry about the files that we have here on the left in just a second.
For now, I want to use a code feature to search for a file and to search for a file by name.
We can press command P on mac OS or control P on Windows and that's going to bring up this little box.
And here you can enter any file name.
And I'd like to search for a file here called App Dot View and here it is.
It's going to open this file up.
This is an example of a view file.
All right.
Now, you don't have to worry about any of the logic or syntax in here.
We're going to talk about it over the course of the next many, many hours.
But I do want you to notice here that we have this text.
Welcome to your Vgs app right here.
And you'll notice that that is the exact same text that you have right here on the right in Chrome.
And as you might guess, this is the string that affects this output.
So what I want to do here is replace this text with something else, save this file, and then we'll
immediately see the changes reflected in our browser.
So it doesn't matter what we put here, as long as it's something different.
So I'm just going to put a fun string of I'm learning Vue and let's add an exclamation point because
we're super excited right now.
Our file isn't yet saved.
We can tell in V code because we have this little white dot on our tab with the file name.
But once we save the file, which we can do with command s on a mac or control s on windows, then the
file will save vcl seal.
I will register the change transpire and automatically you can see the changes on your right hand side
right here.
All right, here's another example.
Let me do.
Hello, world, right here.
Hello, world.
Save that.
And within a second it automatically reflects on the right hand side.
Right.
So Vue makes the appropriate changes.
No refresh is required.
And this is an example of what Vue Seelye gives us out of the box.
We don't have to hardwire this web pack logic under the hood.
It just takes care of this kind of convenience for us.
All right.
So that's all hot reloading is.
And in the next lesson, we'll start configuring V code to have some optimizations to work with our
view project.
So I'll see you there.